11/23
The Last Supper (1495). But he's almost equally famous for his astonishing multiplicity of talents: he dabbled in architecture, sculpture, engineering, geology, hydraulics and the military arts, all with success, and in his spare time doodled parachutes and flying machines that resembled inventions of the 19th and 20th centuries.
The first aerial photograph was taken from a balloon during the U.S. civil war. Olive oil was used for washing the body in the ancient Mediterranean world. In 1801, 20 percent of the people in the U.S. were slaves. Slaves under the last emperors of China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly. Dinner guests during the medieval times in England were expected to bring their own knives to the table.
Traffic engineering was not developed in London, New York or Paris, but rather in ancient Rome. The Romans, of course, were noted road builders. The Appian Way, for example, stretched 350 miles from the Eternal City to Brundisium. In Rome itself there were actually stop signs and even alternate-side-of-the-street parking. Until the 19th century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
Being rude to a telephone operator in Prussia was once a crime. In 1908, a respected citizen was reprimanded by the government after becoming exasperated with an operator and saying "My dear girl"! In Thailand, the left hand is considered unclean, so you should not eat with it. Also, pointing with one finger is considered rude and is only done when pointing to objects or animals, never humans.
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day. Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour. Contrary to popular belief, the British flag is not called "The Union Jack" it is actually called "The Union Flag". It's only called the Union Jack when out at sea on navy ships. You are most likely to get murdered at Christmas time due to more alcohol being drunk. Merry Christmas.
Prussian officers in his house in Cologne in 1848. Marx had friends among the German labor unions, and he was considered a threat to the autocrats. Dressed in his bathrobe, he forced the officers out at the point of a revolver, which, it turned out, was not loaded.
already married. The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building. The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from public libraries. If you removed the stomach, the spleen, 75% of the liver, 80% of the intestines, one kidney, one lung, and virtually every organ from the pelvic and groin area, the human body would still be able to survive. In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all of the world's nuclear weapons combined.
In Italy, it is illegal to make coffins out of anything except nutshells or wood. "To prevent violence" it was at one time customary at certain phases of the moon to chain and flog inmates of England's notorious Bedlam Hospital. In Milan, Italy, when an operator dialled a wrong number, the phone company fined the operator. In Hartford Connecticut, it is illegal for a husband to kiss his wife on Sundays.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak. If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes. Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
When Heated" Found on the instruction sheet of a Conair Pro Style 1600 hair dryer: "WARNING: Do not use in shower. Never use while sleeping." Found on Bat Man The Animated Series Armor Set Halloween costume box: "PARENT: Please exercise caution, mask and chest plate are not protective; cape does not enable wearer to fly.”
Virginia O'Hanlon Douglas was the eight-year-old girl who, in 1897, asked the staff of The New York Sun whether Santa Claus existed. In the now-famous editorial, Francis Church assured Virginia that yes, indeed, "there is a Santa Claus." The first dictionary of American English was published on April 14th, 1828, by - who else? - Noah Webster. No automobile made after 1924 should be designated as antique.
the child reaches 2-6 years of age. Modern records do not compare with that of St Simeon the younger called stylites a monk who spent the final 45 years of his life living at the top of a stone pillar on the hill of wonders near Antioch in Syria!
Ancient Greeks wove marjoram into funeral wreaths and put them on the graves of loved ones. The wreaths served as prayers for the happiness of the deceased in a future life. Breaking of a glass is traditional in some wedding ceremonies. This custom symbolizes different things. To some it is the destruction of the temple in Jerusalem, and for some it is the represents the fragility of a relationship.
The minimum age set in the U.S. Constitution for the President of the United States is 35. In Athens, Greece, a driver's license can be taken away by law if the driver is deemed either "unbathed" or "poorly dressed". Impotence is grounds for divorce in 24 U.S. states. The murder rate in the United States is 200 times greater than in Japan. In Japan no private citizen can buy a handgun legally.
The British once went to war over a sailor's ear. It happened in 1739, when Britain launched hostilities against Spain because a Spanish officer had supposedly sliced off the ear of a ship's captain named Robert Jenkins. Alexander Hamilton and his son, Philip, both died on the same spot, and both during duels. Philip went first, 3 years before his father would be killed in that same field by Aaron Burr.

11/24
    Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day. Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour. Contrary to popular belief, the British flag is not called "The Union Jack" it is actually called "The Union Flag". It's only called the Union Jack when out at sea on navy ships. You are most likely to get murdered at Christmas time due to more alcohol being drunk. Merry Christmas.
    Traffic engineering was not developed in London, New York or Paris, but rather in ancient Rome. The Romans, of course, were noted road builders. The Appian Way, for example, stretched 350 miles from the Eternal City to Brundisium. In Rome itself there were actually stop signs and even alternate-side-of-the-street parking. Until the 19th century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
    It is legal in North Dakota to shoot an Indian on horseback, provided you are in a covered wagon. The mummified hand of a notary public, chopped off for falsely certifying a document, has been on display in the city hall of Munster, Germany, as a warning to other notaries for 400 years. The curtain or veil used by some Hindus and Moslems to seclude or hide their women from strangers is called a "purdah.”
    In parts of Alaska, it's illegal to feed alcohol to a moose. You're subject to fines and/or imprisonment for making "ugly faces" at dogs in Oklahoma. In Utah, birds have the right of way on all highways. Christmas was once illegal in England. In Turkey, in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, anyone caught drinking coffee was put to death. It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
    23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts. In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere. If the government has no knowledge of aliens, then why does Title 14, Section 1211 of the Code of Federal Regulations, implemented on July 16, 1969, make it illegal for U.S. citizens to have any contact with extraterrestrials or their vehicles.
    date of Jesus Christ. The first aerial photograph was taken from a balloon during the U.S. civil war. Olive oil was used for washing the body in the ancient Mediterranean world. In 1801, 20 percent of the people in the U.S. were slaves. Slaves under the last emperors of China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly.
    It is impossible to lick your elbow. Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair. Coca-Cola originally contained cocaine. TYPEWRITER is the longest word that can be made using the letters only on one row of the keyboard. There are two words in the English language that have all five vowels in order: "abstemious" and "facetious". There are more chickens than people in the world.
    her for marriage at the age of 12, is placed in a basket in the hut of her prospective in-laws and must remain suspended over an open fire night and day for 3 months. The Spanish Inquisition once condemned the entire Netherlands to death for heresy.
    In 1893, Chicago hired its first police woman. Her name was Marie Owens. While the city was progressive in its hiring practices, Chicago's female police officers were not allowed to wear uniforms until 1956. In ancient times, any Japanese who tried to leave his homeland was summarily put to death. In the 1630's, a decree in Japan forbade the building of any large ocean-worthy ships to deter defection.
    Contrary to popular belief, there are almost no Buddhists in India, nor have there been for about a thousand years. On the stone temples of Madura in southern India, there are more than 30 million carved images of gods and goddesses. One superstition says that if a girl leaves her house early on Valentine's Day and the first person she meets is a man, then she will be married within three months.
    The first aerial photograph was taken from a balloon during the U.S. civil war. Olive oil was used for washing the body in the ancient Mediterranean world. In 1801, 20 percent of the people in the U.S. were slaves. Slaves under the last emperors of China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly. Dinner guests during the medieval times in England were expected to bring their own knives to the table.
    In 1974 there were 90 tornadoes in the U.S. in one day. Satirist Jonathan Swift suggested in his essay "A Modest Proposal" that the children of the poor be sold as food to feed the rich. This shocking essay is one of the best examples of satire you'll find. Akhbar the Great Mughal routed the Hindus under Hemu by turning their elephants against them at the battle of Panipat in the Hindu revolt.
    Contrary to popular belief, there are almost no Buddhists in India, nor have there been for about a thousand years. On the stone temples of Madura in southern India, there are more than 30 million carved images of gods and goddesses. One superstition says that if a girl leaves her house early on Valentine's Day and the first person she meets is a man, then she will be married within three months.
    John Hancock was the only one of fifty signers of the Declaration of Independence who actually signed it on July 4. The first United States coast to coast airplane flight occurred in 1911 and took 49 days. Escape maps, compasses, and files were inserted into Monopoly game boards and smuggled into POW camps inside Germany during W.W.II; real money for escapees was slipped into the packs of Monopoly money.
    The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from public libraries. If you removed the stomach, the spleen, 75% of the liver, 80% of the intestines, one kidney, one lung, and virtually every organ from the pelvic and groin area, the human body would still be able to survive. In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all of the world's nuclear weapons combined.
